Hey guys welcome back.
All right so let's jump in and see a little bit about how I've designed my task groups and how I've
essentially isolated them into individual users who accomplish each thing in succession.
So Ever hear of innovation station posts.
Now this is kind of the Barger view of my production process.
So first we have needs captions.
Now before I just said listing off whatever the action is you do Alternatively what you can do is put
things like it needs blank.
Right.
So when other people read it they say oh anything and this needs captions.
So I know that to start this off I need to put things in here so I add cards and I put in links for
things that I want to actually turn into a post.
Then what happens is I actually have three people who are writing captions on all varying different
degrees of participation.
What they do is they just grab one and while theyre working on it they drop it into their section that
says like for instance Lauren is working on and its just blank look we know theyre working on captions
but I could just say working on it so that way.
What ends up happening is if this say lets say like this what goes into Lauren's like that.
And then Michael for some reason wants to actually do that one as well.
OK well he can look and see it right there so he shouldn't start on that.
These ones are free and open.
He can do whatever he wants with them.
Now over here Dan we just have needs video.
Now the reason it needs video in such a large chunk like its not really broken up in anything is just
because I haven't yet decided on the process yet.
I haven't yet found a good combination.
Now I was thinking about doing a situation where it says needs media needs assembly like before which
would require essentially getting one person to go find the clips and then one person to assemble them.
And so for the most part what I found as the video editor can find the clips because they are editors
although they're kind of overqualified for just looking for clips.
They generally have a good idea of what they need because they'll throw it into Final Cut Pro or Adobe
Premiere or whatever and then see immediately that this doesn't work.
Now over here.
So Iryna is working on video.
And then we have another video person and another video person.
So what I realized pretty quickly was the video is the bottleneck so it's it takes about 25 to 30 minutes
for any one of these people to write a caption.
And to put a video together we first started doing it it was two hours of video and now we've gone down
to about an hour.
So it's still three people writing captions they're still going to fill this up with three times as
many as will have actually processed through it.
So I've just begun the process of bringing on two more editors and will cover later how I find these
people hire them and vet them.
But then what happens is once the video is done we throw it and needs review.
This is something usually I do I usually look at it and make sure something's not wrong.
But I can also find anyone who's like an administrator who has very generic skills to do this as well
and just to look for mistakes or typos or something doesn't look right or something that just the video
editor missed.
And if that's the case something's wrong.
I would open it up and I would add in does here's a mistake and then I would take it and I toss it back
in that person's pile.
I've done that several times over here for captions so you can see for instance like this one.
So here is the caption Michael just copied it right into his card.
And then I gave feedback right.
So I just read through this and what I said was the grammar here is weird.
This doesn't make sense.
Also I'm confused what you're implying with this.
And so then you fixed it and then we moved it along the process.
Then the very end we just had a couple of other processes are scheduled for post and posted so I separated
those two out.
You can do them both.
It doesn't really matter.
I'm going to be using a scheduling tool and we'll cover that in the next Pletcher potentially.
But either way even if I don't use the scheduling too I'm still going to manually write out what's going
to be posted today or you might store them somewhere so we know beforehand we have five posts for today
tomorrow and the next day and that by the fourth day we need to get enough of these through the process
and to the end.
OK so that's just a peek at how I've been doing it.
This will change as we go through especially towards the of the Course I'll keep updating you as this
changes.
If I had more people over move people but otherwise next picture what we're going to do is going to
talk about using scheduling tools for automation and how that can actually take out a significant chunk
of work for you and save you a chunk of time.
OK.
So see the.